Fast Fact Temperature: Summer: 41.2 -21.4 C Winter: 33.7 -6.8 C Best Season : May to November Clothing : Light woollens in Summer and Heavy Woollens in Winter Languages spoken : Hindi, English, Urdu, Punjabi STD Code: 01982 Tourist Office: The Dy. Director of Tourism, Government of Jammu & Kashmir, Tourist Reception Centre, Leh - 194 101. Tel: 01982- 252095. Telefax: 252297.

Set in Himalayan mountain splendor, Ladakh is an enchanted land, which amid the global chaos of our new century, seems in control of its own destiny. The scenic splendor of the soaring mountains and pristine valleys, coupled with the vibrancy of its cultural life, makes Ladakh one of the last undiscovered destinations; an adventure to feed the soul and enrich the senses. With the iconic sight of Hemis Monastery, 47 km from the capital Leh on the west bank of the Indus, under its belt, the place is famous for nine-storey palace built by King Singge Namgyal in the grand tradition of Tibetan architecture. An exceptional destination for adventurous travelers, the area has a wide array of trekking routes too - See more at: http://www.incredibleindia.org/travel/destination/leh-ladakh/leh-ladakh-introduction#sthash.mZgZhqzS.dpuf
High up in the shadow of the world’s highest peaks is a land of mythical beauty, Ladakh- a land where vividly coloured mountains rise up dramatically on all sides, dwarfing the crystal rivers and shimmering glaciers which make their way through the barren land. A land that is arid and harsh, but also one of the most beautiful anywhere on earth; a land of warm, friendly people and a cultural heritage that is nothing short of amazing.

 Once a little-known and even less visited part of Kashmir, but today a destination that’s topping all the popularity charts when it comes to tourism-- Ladakh is exquisitely lovely and relatively unspoilt, and beckons the looking-for-new-horizons traveller. For those who have seen and done it all- Ladakh guarantees an experience one will not forget.
Khardung La (la means pass in Tibetan) in Ladakh, is regarded as one of the highest motorable road in world, with an estimated elevation of 5359 meters or 17,582 feet. 

 Since Ladakh is situated at an altitude of almost 3500mts, high altitude sickness is a very real problem and that is why it is recommended that your first 24 hours in Ladakh is spent resting. 

 Ladakh is also known as ‘Land of Many Passes’ because for centuries caravans of various traders carrying pashmina shawls, spices, saffron and opium, passed through Ladakh. 

